Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs!
Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
Why did the developer go broke? He used up all his cache.
How do you tell a software developer from a hardware developer? The software developer wears glasses.
'It works on my machine' will be inscribed on many a programmer's tombstone.
Why did the programmer get stuck in the shower? The instructions said 'lather, rinse, repeat.'
Why do programmers always get Halloween and Christmas mixed up? Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? 1 to change it, and 27 more to discuss how much better the old one was.
Why is keyboard documentation so hard to read? Because of all the abbreviations and crap.
Why did the programmer refuse to go to the beach? He was afraid of the C++ waves.
A SQL query walks into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks... 'Can I join you?'
Why do programmers make bad lovers? Because they write 'God... = new God();' but they only create one instance.
I would tell you a UDP joke, but you might not get it.
Why do programmers prefer to work at night? Because they're debugging their life choices.
Debugging: Removing the needles from the haystack.
99 little bugs in the code, 99 little bugs... take one down, patch it around... 127 little bugs in the code.
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
Real programmers count from 0.
Have you tried turning it off and on again? I'm not a programmer, and that's my solution.
To understand what recursion is, you must first understand what recursion is.
Why did the developer go to jail? Because he used the internet to look up 'how to commit a crime.'
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
The best thing about a Boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.
How many Microsoft programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.
Why did the programmer always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up? Because DEC 25 = OCT 31.
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? That's not funny.
Why are assembly programmers always soaking wet? They work below C level.
Perl: Write once, read never.
LISP: Lots of Irritating Silly Parentheses.
COBOL: Completely Outdated Business Oriented Language.
BASIC: Barely Adequate Syntax, Ill-formed Code.
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.
A programmer is told to 'go to Hell', he dies and hears 'Go to class 1' in afterlife.
Debugging code is like being the detective in a crime drama.
If you need to ask Stack Overflow for help, you're not a real developer.
Why do programmers make good partners? Because they have patience.
The best code is no code at all.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
A programmer is someone who fixes things that aren't broken and breaks things that fix.
We do these things not because they are easy, but because we thought they would be easy.
Code review is like a murder mystery where everyone is guilty.
Documentation is like sex: when it's good, it's very, very good. When it's bad, it's better than nothing.
A fellow programmer told me his day in three words: 'Ctrl, Alt, Delete.'
Why did the C programmer always carry a gun? In case he needed to kill -9.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
A programmer is told to 'go to the store,' but he never returned.
Why did the JavaScript developer go to therapy? Because he had too many issues.
The most effective debugging tool is your rubber duck.
I'm not anti-social, my code just needs me.
Waking up at 5 AM is the same as 5:00 AM. The only difference is that my code compiles better.
I don't have a life because my code consumes all my time.
Why did the project manager go to the beach? To surf the web.
I told my code to get a life, but then I realized it doesn't have any.
May the force be with your code.
A long time ago in a repository far, far away...
I am not evil. I am just coded that way.
Judge me by my size, do you? Hmmm?
Help me, Stack Overflow. You're my only hope.
These aren't the bugs you're looking for.
Your code is not ready, young Skywalker.
I am your debugger. Luke, I am your debugger.
I find your lack of coffee disturbing.
'You must unlearn what you have learned.' - Yoda to any developer learning their first language.
Do or do not. There is no git commit.
The code is strong with this one.
Resistance to refactoring is futile.
The odds of successfully debugging this code are 3,720 to 1!
I have a very bad feeling about this pull request.
These pretzels are making me thirsty for a bug fix.
The answer to life, the universe, and debugging is 42.
I think, therefore I debug.
Houston, we have a git conflict.
One does not simply deploy to production.
The cake is a lie, but the bugs are real.
The portal will remain open for 9 days... for your code to become production-ready.
Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should refactor.
What is thy bidding, my master? *compiles code*
'Beware the dark side of Python.' - Yoda
I love the smell of compiled code in the morning.
The truth is out there... in your git logs.
I came, I coded, I debugged.
To boldly go where no developer has gone before.
There's a UFO... unidentified function object in your code.
I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't deploy that.
Open the pod bay doors, Kubernetes.
My logic is undeniable. My code is not.
If you're reading this, you've been in deep debugging.
First, we take Manhattan. Then we take Berlin. Then we debug the code.
The robots are coming! Tell your code to hide!
In space, no one can hear your tests fail.
Phase 1: Steal underpants. Phase 2: ??? Phase 3: Profit from open source.
Have you tried the classic cure: turning it off and on?
The sysadmin screams into the void. The void does not respond.
'Have you tried rebooting it?' - The answer to everything in IT.
UNIX: You are not expected to understand this.
How many system administrators does it take to change a light bulb? Three: one to change it and two to discuss how much better the old one was.
A system administrator is a person who solves problems you don't know you have in ways you don't understand.
Why did the sysadmin go to jail? Because he broke into the server!
Why do sysadmins make great partners? Because they always have a backup plan.
A sysadmin's favorite drink: Kernel panic juice.
My code doesn't have bugs. It just has unexpected features scheduled for lazy evaluation.
Linux: The choice of a gnu generation.
I would tell you a UDP networking joke, but I'm not sure you'd get it.
DNS server made a deal with the devil. Instead of giving him your soul, it gives you another IP address.
Why did the sysadmin go fishing? He wanted to catch some Ethernet!
Sysadmins are like firemen: everything is fine until 3 AM.
Error: no keyboard? Press F1 to continue.
There's no place like 127.0.0.1.
sudo make me a sandwich.
The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents.
Your systems are down? Have you tried forgetting and remembering again?
I have not yet begun to debug.
Sysadmins don't get ulcers. They give them.
The most important sysadmin tool: a rubber duck.
'Is it plugged in?' - More powerful than any debugging tool.
Sysadmin: A person's job is to ensure that thousands of little errors combine into one massive catastrophe.
In case of fire, exit building. No, wait, that's not my job. Someone else's job.
Why do sysadmins make great DJs? Because they know how to handle requests.
A backup a day keeps the disaster away.
RAID is not a backup. Say it again. RAID is not a backup.
Sysadmin's creed: I fix things so you can use them. You break things so I have to fix them again.
The best way to accelerate a Mac is at 9.8 m/s2.
For security reasons, this fortune is encrypted.
Restore from backup? What backup?
I'd tell you another deploy joke, but it's still in the pipeline.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. But sysadmins fly on Red Eye.
Have you turned your sysadmin off and on again?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Your future is bright and full of possibilities.
Good things come to those who wait, but better things come to those who try.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Adventure awaits those with courage to seek it.
Your kind heart brings you luck and prosperity.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
Long-term success is built on the foundation of honesty and integrity.
You are capable of achieving great things.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Your talent will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Believe in yourself, and others will too.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it's the courage to continue that counts.
